Auto reconnect/resubscribe (#71)
kuzzleio/sdk-java: doc/3/protocols/websocket-options/index.md

```java
public boolean getAutoReconnect()
public WebSocketOptions setAutoReconnect(boolean autoReconnect)
```

### reconnectionDelay

Time between each reconnection attempt.

```java
public long getReconnectionDelay();
public WebSocketOptions setReconnectionDelay(long reconnectionDelay);
```

### reconnectionRetries

> Number of attempt to try and reconnect. -1 for infinite attempt until the connection is fine again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of attempts to try and reconnect. -1 for infinite attempts until the connection is established again.
```
